Hey, it's impossible
Maybe I'm overthinking it.
Husband may wish to speak directly
I think my wife has an opinion on the people around me
It seems big
First Yuner
And then my mother and my sister.
Ah, of course.
This is their fault
But the attitude and words and deeds of the lady who came in
Compared to the old you
Much tougher
Make me feel unfamiliar
Have you ever thought about it?
I never understood you
Ah evergreen
Did you ever love me?
Why did the lady say that?
You marry me
Is it because you love me?
Or is it because you are property?
Ah.
If I said I married you because I love you
Does the lady believe it?
What do I think I'm saying now?
Madam doesn't believe it
Or, madam, you already have the answer in your heart
Evergreen, do I believe you?
After 3 days
At the Senate meeting of the Lin Consortium
Everything will be revealed